1. Why might an auto-approval rule for subscriptions be considered insecure?
  Auto approval could be insecure because it will accept a subscription if provided
  certain attributes. Because of this, any subscription request that has the expected
  attributes will be approved regardless of the source. Using the well known
  channel (wellKnown_Rx) will make the engine more secure

2. Can you put a sensor pico in more than one sensor management pico
(i.e. can it have subscriptions to more than one sensor management pico)?
    No

3. Imagine I have sensor types besides temperature sensors (e.g. pressure, humidity, air quality, etc.).
How would you properly manage collections of sensors that include heterogeneous sensor types?
  Each type of sensor (e.g. pressure, humidity, air quality, etc.) would have a parent.
  Then all the sensors would be children of their respective parents. However, by
  employing the subscription method, it will become a peer to peer structure

4. Describe how you'd use the techniques from this lesson to create collections
of temperature sensors in particular rooms or areas of a building. For example,
I would still have the sensor management pico, but might have collections for each floor in a building.
  Each floor, area of building, or room would have a respective parent pico. Then
  all the children would be sensors. As in the previous question, with subscriptions,
  the parent to child hierarchy becomes a peer to peer structure.

5. Can a sensor pico belong to more than one collection?
After the modifications of this lab, if a sensor belonged to more
than one collection and had a threshold violation, what would happen?
  Yes it is possible. Both collections would receive notifications.

6. When you moved threshold violation notifications from the sensor to the management ruleset,
 did you add the rules to an existing ruleset or create a new one? Why?
   I added a rule to an existing ruleset. For previous labs we already had the
   KRL written for sending a text message. So I just took the KRL from the previous
   labs and made a rule in my manage subscriptions ruleset

7. When you moved threshold violation notifications from the sensor to the management ruleset,
 did you add only one rule or more than one rule to achieve this end?
 Which rules did you add and why (i.e. justify the architectural decisions did you made)?
  In my manage sensors ruleset, I added one rule. It is called when
  a sensor_manager_LAB7 threshold_violation event is raised. All it does it create a
  message and then pass the message to the manage subscriptions ruleset which has
  a function called send_twilio_text and accepts one parameter which is the message
  to send in the text. The phone number information is stored in subscription manager.
  I thought the messages would be standardized, but each subscription could be monitoring
  a different room and therefore have unique phone numbers to text. So it made sense to
  keep the message constant and then decouple the text from the sensor manager and
  let each individual subscription/sensor have its own phone number.
